Feature/subscriptions (#875)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/online-payments/subscriptions/previous-requirements.en.md

---
indexable: false
---

# Prerequisites to get started

## Considerations and restrictions

----[mla]----
Please note that the minimum amount allowed to create a subscription is $ 2 and the maximum is $ 250,000.

------------

----[mlb]----
Please note that the minimum amount allowed to create a subscription is R$ 0.5 and the maximum is R$ 50,000.

------------

----[mlm]----
Please note that the minimum amount allowed to create a subscription is $ 10 and the maximum is $ 200,000.

------------

## First steps

### Access to the Mercado Pago or Mercado Libre account
In order to start the integration, it is necessary to have a Mercado Pago or Mercado Libre account.

If you don't have one yet, you can <a href="https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/" target="_blank">create a account</a> whenever you want.

### Keep your credentials handy

The credentials are the keys that we provide you with, so that you can configure your integration. For this case, you will use a public key and a private key.

To find them, go to the <a href="https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/account/credentials/" target="_blank">Credentials</a> section.

> >Do you have questions about credentials? You can check our <a href="https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/es/support/" target="_blank">Frequently Asked Questions</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Do you have questions about credentials? You can check our <a href="https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/es/guides/resources/faqs/credentials/" target="_blank">FAQs</a>.
```
